Add materials for Print Flush tutorial (#358)
realpython/materials: flush-print/README.md

- [`progress.py`](progress.py)

Both of them utilize explicit flushing and you can learn more about how to build them in [Your Guide to the Python `print()` Function](https://realpython.com/python-print/).

## Buffer Size Approximations

Finally, if you're curious to dive somewhat deeper into the rabbit hole of buffering in Python, you can take a look at [`buffersize.py`](buffersize.py).

There doesn't seem to be a way to get the size of the default buffer for stdout on your operating system directly through a Python object. If you know or find a way, please [contact the author](#about-the-author), I'd be very curious to know :)

This script gives you a way to approximate the buffer size that Python uses when writing to stdout on your operating system and configuration. Note that this can be quite different between different setups.

The approach to calculate it is somewhat manual:

1. Run the script
1. Note if the numbers that it prints pause in between before the script finishes execution
  - If they pause, remember the last number that got printed before the pause
  - If they don't pause, increase the value of `SLIGHTLY_TOO_LARGE_FOR_BUFFER` by `10_000` and start from the top

> Continue doing this until your script paused when printing the numbers, and you noted the number that displayed last during the pause. Once you have that number, subtract it from the value that `SLIGHTLY_TOO_LARGE_FOR_BUFFER` currently has to calculate your buffer size estimation, for example:

Reviewer: Maybe we include the "manual" nature of this operation to be 100% crystal clear:

```suggestion
Continue doing this until your script paused when printing the numbers, and you noted the number that displayed last during the pause. Once you have that number, manually subtract it from the value that `SLIGHTLY_TOO_LARGE_FOR_BUFFER` currently has to calculate your buffer size estimation, for example:
```

```python
SLIGHTLY_TOO_LARGE_FOR_BUFFER = 80_000

# Script paused at 10919

bufsize = 80_000 - 10919
print(bufsize) # 69081 <-- Your buffer size approximation
```

You can divide the number you get by `1000` to get an estimation of your buffer size for stdout in Kilobytes. In the example above, on a macOS system with a M1 chip, the buffer size of stdout when interacting with it through Python's `print()` would therefore be approximately 69 Kilobytes.

If you want to, you could even drill down further with some manual binary search to find the exact byte when the break first occurs.

> The idea of this script is that each of these printed numbers take up exactly 6 bytes in the buffer, which you assure with the format specifier in the f-string that you pass to `print()`. When the buffer gets filled up so much that it needs to flush during the execution of your script, then you run into the break in the printout, caused by the call to `time.sleep()` executing. Finally, when the script finishes execution after the break, Python flushes the rest of the buffer contents, which prints the remaining numbers to your terminal.

Reviewer: Adding encoding disclaimer and clarifying a couple things

```suggestion
The idea of this script is that each of these printed numbers take up exactly 6 bytes in the buffer. This is assuming that you're using an encoding in which numbers and spaces take up one byte. If so, then you can make sure each length is 6 characters with the format specifier in the f-string that you pass to `print()`.

At some point the buffer gets filled up so much that it needs to flush during the execution of your script. After it's flushed, it'll begin to fill up again. Ideally before it fills up again, you run into the call to `time.sleep()` executing. Finally, when the script finishes execution after the sleep, Python flushes the rest of the buffer contents, which prints the remaining numbers to your terminal.
```

Finally, you need to subtract from the current value of `SLIGHTLY_TOO_LARGE_FOR_BUFFER` because we assume that the buffer flushes continuously when it gets full, which means that whatever is in the buffer when the script is done should represent a full buffer.

> If you have better and more precise ways to calculate the buffer size, or have spotted a logical or computational mistake in these calculations, then please let us know!

Reviewer: I think you've already said this above, so I'd take out this final paragraph.
